
# This Week's Accomplishments: April 10-16, 2016

## This Week's Focus: WWAFWD? :bouquet: 

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] :pig: Spiced Pork Chops and Mashed Potatoes 
- [x] :bell: DCUS orgaizer's meeting 
- [x] :email: Contact S about next outing 
- [x] :man: Buy frames for Dad's birthday 
- [x] :page_with_curl: Get community rules form signed 
- [x] :house: Daily misc. housekeeping
- [x] :smiley_cat: Daily misc. cat chores
- [x] :fork_and_knife: Meal planning

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :shoe: Exercise (150 minutes/week) 
- [ ] :cyclone: Meditation (30 minutes/week) 
- [ ] :moneybag: Monitor accounts 
- [ ] :love_letter: Send a [Happiness Packet](https://www.happinesspackets.io)

## Additional Things I Did

- :shoe: [Submitted a talk](http://opensourcebridge.org/proposals/1815) to OSBridge 
- :pouting_cat: Took cats to vet 
- :bath: Dealt with the bathroom flooding 
- :toilet: Cleaned bathroom 
- :camera: Took S on voluntee scavenger hunt 
- :envelope: DGPDX: Emailed sponsors
- :pencil2: DCUS: Reviewed some talks and tutorials 
- :raising_hand: DCUS: Provided a lot of help and feedback to people to contacted me about submitting talks and tutorials 
- :books: Finished Working Stiff; continued Why Not Me? 
- :movie_camera: Saw My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 with Donald 
- :shoe: Got the PyCon 5k to benefit BBBS! 

## Next Week's Focus: :white_check_mark: Checklist Manifesto All the Things 

## Things I'll Do Next Week

- [ ] :rooster: Roasted Chicken and Mixed Mushrooms 
- [ ] :spaghetti: Spring Gemelli Pasta
- [ ] :mortar_board: GSIT Sprint planning 
- [ ] :computer: ATX Add international contact 
- [ ] :white_check_mark: ATX HB 4046 
- [ ] :deciduous_tree: Finish Treehouse project
- [ ] :email: Invoicing 
- [ ] :package: Order photos to go in frames

## Week In Review

This was the worst week ever. On Monday, Donald and I were snippy with each other, and the DCUS video call was a Talky nightmare. No one could hear anyone, my machine kept freezing, etc. Tuesday, I made a mistake at work, and then Donald and I came home to find that the bathroom had flooded. Wednesday, I made an appointment for the cats to go to the vet to deal with Baxter peeing on the walls, but accidentally scheduled over Donald needing the car. Thursday, took the cats to the vet, which is always a chore. Friday, my head hurt basically all day from the stress of the week, and I was late to a video chat with a good friend because I honestly forgot about it. 

But on Saturday, I slept in and woke up refreshed. Donald worked in the morning, so I stayed in bed until 11 or so. When I got up, I didn't turn on the TV. Instead, I listened to a Mindy Kaling book while I put my makeup and jewelry into their new organizers (old organizers were lost in the flood) and folded laundry. I took S on a photo scavenger hunt to do helpful things for the community and the planet, and she was great about it. My husband and I went on a really nice little date. 

And this morning is Sunday. It's a new week.  

Donald mentioned that he thinks he's doing better emotionally than his classmates because he goes snowboarding a lot, so it's intense physical activity and a way to let off some adrenaline. And I just have not found an activity I will do on a regular basis. So in the spirit of Checklisting All the Things, I'm going to experiment with a daily checklist of things I want to do each morning, noon, and night. 
