
# This Week's Accomplishments: April 17-23, 2016

## This Week's Focus: :white_check_mark: Checklist Manifesto All the Things 

I didn't have a lot of success with :fr: WWAFWD. It was also a really rough week. I'm still not getting exercise as regularly as I would like to. Oddly, I also want to replace my FitBit, which I never really wore anyway. Maybe I should get one of the bracelet ones, as opposed to the ones you clip onto your bra or to your pocket? 

This week, I'm going to experiment with writing checklists for various parts of my day in an effort to have more balance and make progress on the things I want to make progress on. We'll see how that goes. What I'm doing is only semi-working for me right now. Time to iterate! 

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] :rooster: Roasted Chicken and Mixed Mushrooms 
- [x] :spaghetti: Spring Gemelli Pasta - delicious. I should put sugar snap peas in pasta more often. 
- [x] :mortar_board: GSIT Sprint planning 
- [x] :package: Order photos to go in frames
- [x] :computer: Practice for Refresh PDX presentation
- [x] :microphone: Give Refresh PDX presentation 
- [x] :pencil2: Review some DjangoCon talks and tutorials 
- [x] :love_letter: Email potential DGPDX sponsors 
- [x] :alarm_clock: Schedule local and international Django Girls tweets and Facebook posts 
- [x] :ramen: Dinner with Rachel 
- [x] :wine_glass: Seder with Josh 
- [x] :apple: Snow White with S 
- [x] :computer: Make website with S 
- [x] :house: Daily misc. housekeeping
- [x] :smiley_cat: Daily misc. cat chores
- [x] :shoe: Exercise (150 minutes/week)  
- [x] :fork_and_knife: Meal planning
- [x] :moneybag: Monitor accounts 
- [x] :love_letter: Send a [Happiness Packet](https://www.happinesspackets.io)

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :fish: BBQ-Spiced Salmon & Roasted Sweet Potato Rounds
- [ ] :computer: ATX Add international contact 
- [ ] :white_check_mark: ATX HB 4046 
- [ ] :deciduous_tree: Finish Treehouse project
- [ ] :email: Invoicing 
- [ ] :house_with_garden: Put living room furniture back where it goes 
- [ ] :cyclone: Meditation (30 minutes/week)
- [ ] :cat2: Change cat litter 

## Additional Things I Did

- [x] :pill: Filled Baxter's new medication. 0.5 ml 1x/day in the morning; keep in fridge and shake well. 
- [x] :shoe: Ordered a new FitBit, since I lost my old one in Europe 
- [x] :womans_clothes: Did some successful online shopping 
- [x] :speech_balloon: Learned stuff about leadership 
- [x] :guitar: Bought a Prince "Greatest Hits" album, like millions of other people 
- [x] :dress: Weighed in at a number I haven't seen in a year 
- [x] :moneybag: Hit an important savings milestone 
- [x] :phone: Left a message for my dad
- [x] :book: Finished a book and started another one

## Next Week's Focus: :two_hearts: Have Empathy with Balance 

## Things I'll Do Next Week

- [ ] :fish: BBQ-Spiced Salmon & Roasted Sweet Potato Rounds
- [ ] :rice: Korean Bao Sliders 
- [ ] :chicken: Za'tar Chicken and Pearl Couscous 
- [ ] :lemon: Creamy Lemon Pasta 
- [ ] :computer: ATX Add international contact 
- [ ] :white_check_mark: ATX HB 4046 
- [ ] :deciduous_tree: Finish Treehouse project
- [ ] :email: Invoicing 
- [ ] :house_with_garden: Put living room furniture back where it goes 
- [ ] :cat2: Change cat litter 
- [ ] :camera: Photo Scavenger Hunt party with S 
- [ ] :book: Finish Troublemaker 
- [ ] :moneybag: Invoice DGPDX sponsors 
- [ ] :pizza: Lunch with Kenneth 
- [ ] :airplane: Book flight to Texas 
- [ ] :package: Return clothes that don't work 
- [ ] :bar_chart: Send GSIT sprint planning sheet to team, highlight ones they should focus on 
- [ ] :computer: Send GSIT mockups to team, get their feedback 
- [ ] :computer: Set up VPN already, and get JEdit plugin working 

## Week In Review

I definitely did better on getting things done, although my day job is still significantly suffering because of my open source work. I felt like the week went pretty well on an emotional level, probably partly due to my reading more, watching less television, and taking more outdoor walks. 

The highlight was definitely teaching S a little bit of CSS. She was so proud of herself, and her mom was just super excited. 

I still feel pulled in several different directions, and I'm not sure how to handle that. I want to let some things go, but I'm not sure what those things should be. I need to get better at compartmentalizing while still having empathy. 
