
# This Week's Accomplishments: April 24-30, 2016

## This Week's Focus: :two_hearts: Have Empathy with Balance 

## Things I Did From the List


- [x] :chicken: Za'tar Chicken and Pearl Couscous 
- [x] :lemon: Creamy Lemon Pasta 
- [x] :deciduous_tree: Finish Treehouse project
- [x] :email: Invoicing 
- [x] :camera: Photo Scavenger Hunt party with S 
- [x] :book: Finish Troublemaker 
- [x] :moneybag: Invoice DGPDX sponsors 
- [x] :pizza: Lunch with Kenneth 
- [x] :bar_chart: Send GSIT sprint planning sheet to team, highlight ones they should focus on 
- [x] :computer: Send GSIT mockups to team, get their feedback 
- [x] :computer: Set up VPN already
- [x] :church: Went to Mass to celebrate Capella's girls' first communion 
- [x] :tv: Started watching The Path. It was really good! 
- [x] :sparkling_heart: Resigned from something, to make more room for other things in my life 
- [x] :fishing_pole_and_fish: Signed S and I up for some summer activities 
- [x] :computer: Paired with someone on why my postgres environment is so weird. As of 4/26, no success yet, but we're close! Right? 

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :fish: BBQ-Spiced Salmon & Roasted Sweet Potato Rounds
- [ ] :rice: Korean Bao Sliders 
- [ ] :computer: ATX Add international contact 
- [ ] :white_check_mark: ATX HB 4046 
- [ ] :house_with_garden: Put living room furniture back where it goes 
- [ ] :cat2: Change cat litter 
- [ ] :airplane: Book flight to Texas 
- [ ] :package: Return clothes that don't work 
- [ ] :computer: get JEdit plugin working --> Need to pair with someone on this. My environment is weird. 

## Additional Things I Did

## Next Week's Focus: Get my :poop: together 

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review

When something goes well, something else suffers. I was more productive, but my diet and activity levels suffered. I was more empathetic, but that took energy. I resigned from Django Girls, but didn't feel like that freed up a lot of time. I think I still need better organization and discipline. I need checklists and I need habits and I need to do those things. 
