# This Week's Accomplishments: March 13-20, 2016

## This Week's Focus: **Leadership**

## Things I Did From the List
- [x] :cow: UT: Refactor Page 1 
- [ ] :computer: UT ATX mad-dash coding 
- [x] :file_folder: UT GS project management
- [x] :email: UT GS: Send emails re: unresolved issues 
- [x] :bar_chart: DGPDX: Create booth staffing spreadsheet (Thanks Terian!)
- [x] :email: DGPDX: Email spreadsheet to former coaches (Thanks Terian!)
- [x] :globe_with_meridians: DGPDX: Add application to website (Thanks Terian!)
- [x] :baseball: DCUS organization/website copy
- [ ] :moneybag: DCUS Sponsorship meeting 
- [x] :curry: Dinner with Kelsey
- [x] :stew: Lunch with friends
- [x] :computer: Cybersecurity for Kids seminar 
- [x] :four_leaf_clover: Shamrock Run 5k 
- [x] :spaghetti: Celebrity Memoir Book Club: Jersey Shore Edition 
- [x] :page_facing_up: Invoices 
- [ ] :ski: Go skiing 
- [ ] :house: Daily misc. housekeeping 
- [ ] :smiley_cat: Daily misc. cat chores 
- [ ] :moneybag: Monitor accounts 

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish
- [ ] :zap: DCEU talk slides and outline finished 
- [ ] :deciduous_tree: Finish Treehouse project
- [ ] :stew: ~~Dinner~~ Reschedule dinner with Rachel 
- [ ] :date: Make a dentist appointment 
- [ ] :toilet: Clean bathroom 
- [ ] :shoe: Exercise (150 minutes/week) 
- [ ] :cyclone: Meditation (30 minutes/week) 
- [ ] :fork_and_knife: Meal planning 

## Additional Things I Did
- [x] :fork_and_knife: Cleaned the kitchen for Donald 
- [x] :phone: Wrote a testing suite for an audit module in NATURAL 

## Next Week's Focus: Prepare the Comfort Zone 
Next week I'm leaving on my trip, so I need to have a lot of personal and professional housekeeping things done. 

## Things I'll Do Next Week
- [ ] :european_castle: Finalize itinerary for Europe trip 
- [ ] :email: Email itinerary to husband so he has a copy 
- [ ] :microphone: Rehearse the talk each day 
- [ ] :womans_clothes: Laundry so I will have clothes to wear on the trip 
- [ ] :sparkles: Finalize slides 
- [ ] :deciduous_tree: Finish Treehouse project 
- [ ] :package: Return shoes 

## Week In Review
My focus this week was leadership, and that felt a little shaky. The week didn't get off to a fantastic start, but as it passed I felt better about how things were going. I find myself really intimidated about contributing to the DjangoCon website, while also feeling obligated to step in because it's probably my job. I still feel like I am making up this co-chair thing as I go along. I'm having trouble knowing what is means to be a leader in that sense. 

On my self-care goals, I did not do well. Other than running the 5k on Sunday, it was Thursday before I moved my body again. I felt so busy, and my husband was working so much, that my diet was not at all on point. I did hardly any cooking. I acted like Donald being busy with work and finals gave me a free pass to have a college-kid-style week, and it doesn't feel like that did much for my health. Surprise, surprise. 

I did finally start writing my script for my DjangoCon Europe talk. I also feel really insecure about that. It's not very code focused, it's very soft-skills, and I wonder if it's too non-techy as to be totally inappropriate for a tech conference. I'm still working on it, and I'm going to try and keep that in mind. 

Of course, the week I decide to focus on leadership is the week that my impostor syndrome just screams at me all day. But that's probably not surprising. Leadership involves putting yourself out there, and that is a vulnerable position to be in. 
