# This Week's Accomplishments: March 28-April 3, 2016

## This Week's Focus: Be in the moment :clock:

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] :zap: Finish DjangoCon Europe talk and script 
- [x] :microphone: Rehearse talk 
- [x] :envelope: Keep up with email 
- [x] :european_castle: Tour Vienna 
  - [x] :church: St. Stephen's Cathedral 
  - [x] :european_castle: Schönbrunn Palace
  - [x] :wine_glass: Dine at a Heuriger 
  - [ ] :pig: Dine at that place D told me about 
  - [x] :shoe: Do Vienna City Walk
  - [x] :musical_score: Hear choral music 
- [x] :fountain: Tour Budapest 
  - [x] :bath: Visit a thermal bath 
  - [x] :fork_and_knife: Speaker dinner 
  - [x] :sparkles: Django Girls dinner 
  - [x] :shoe: Do at least one City Walk
- [x] :massage: Practice solid self-care

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish

- [ ] :deciduous_tree: Complete Treehouse project on time (Got an extension)

## Additional Things I Did

- :shoe: Averaged >10,000 steps per day
- Did not overeat 
- :sleeping: Prioritized sleep 
- Gave my talk! 
- :bee: Made a [commit to PyBee](https://github.com/pybee/batavia/commit/402c638491959fd4fc6bf9fae2660b3602b2653b) that was merged 

## Next Week's Focus: Develop a routine :clipboard:

## Things I'll Do Next Week
- [ ] :deciduous_tree: Finish Treehouse project 
- [ ] :moneybag: Invoicing 
- [ ] :bee: Make another commit to PyBee 
- [ ] :baseball: Catch up on DjangoCon US stuff 
- [ ] :mortar_board: Make very micro-level list of stuff to do for ATX 
- [ ] :computer: Score Django Girls apps 
- [ ] :money_with_wings: Prepare Django Girls sponsor presentation 
- [ ] :package: Send address to Ola for stickers  
- [ ] :thought_balloon: Storify the feedback from my talk and save it somewhere. 

## Week In Review

My four days in Vienna were amazing, but were very exhausting. I had not underestimated how difficult it would be to travel on my own. I had pretty bad decision fatigue by the last day, and spent most of it in a coffee shop reading to give my brain a break. 

I particularly enjoyed the Albertina Museum, especially the [Anselm Keifer](http://www.albertina.at/en/anselm_kiefer) exhibit. I can't wait to come back to Vienna again with Donald sometime. 

In Budapest, I had so many wonderful conversations with new friends. I also got to pair with [Katie](http://twitter.com/glasnt), who I hope will become a very good friend! 
