# This Week's Accomplishments: April 4-10, 2016

## This Week's Focus: **Develop a routine** :clipboard:

## Things I Did From the List

- [x] :baseball: Catch up on DjangoCon US stuff 
- [x] :mortar_board: Make very micro-level list of stuff to do for ATX 
- [x] :money_with_wings: Prepare Django Girls sponsor presentation 
- [x] :package: Send address to Ola for stickers  
- [x] :thought_balloon: Storify the feedback from my talk and save it somewhere. [Storify](https://storify.com/laceynwilliams/getting-started)
- [x] :zap: Harry Potter and Blue Apron with S 
- [x] :smiley_cat: Daily misc. cat chores
- [x] :fork_and_knife: Meal planning
- [x] :moneybag: Monitor accounts 

## Things I Didn't Get To / Finish
- [ ] :deciduous_tree: Finish Treehouse project - not finished but progress has been made! 
- [ ] :cyclone: Meditation (30 minutes/week) - Did not meditate even once 
- [ ] :house: Daily misc. housekeeping - I let housekeeping get away from me! 
- [ ] :shoe: Exercise (150 minutes/week) - I was super sedentary 

## Additional Things I Did

- :clipboard: Trello'd all the things 
- :handbag: Unpacked the day I got home 
- :telephone: Talked to my dad 
- :alien: Posted the DjangoCon CFP on Reddit
- :curry: Rescheduled dinner with Rachel 
- :pizza: Scheduled and ate dinner with Eli 
- :baby: Arranged childcare for DGPDX 
- :calendar: Scheduled next DCUS organizers meeting, created meeting agends 
- :book: Started reading The Checklist Manifesto, and really didn't want to put it down
- :love_letter: Sent a happiness packet! 
- :tent: Registered for the Girl Scout camping trip! 
- :tangerine: Helped de-cat the living room 
- :fork_and_knife: Cooked [Nepalese Chicken Tarkari](https://www.blueapron.com/recipes/nepalese-chicken-tarkari-with-garlic-spinach-rice-spiced-tomato-sauce) 

## Next Week's Focus: WWAFWD? :bouquet: 

What would a French woman do? I recently read Bringing Up Bebe (just for fun; there is not :bread: in any ovens) and the author made a lot of excellent points regarding the French *cadre*. French home life is very strict about some things, and within that frame, things are very loose. I'd like to take this week to experiment with that in my own life. 

## Things I'll Do Next Week

## Week In Review
